feat: Add SvelteKit guide, closes #741 (#876)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/getting-started/setup/sveltekit.mdx

<!-- TODO: section intro -->

First we need to install [`@sveltejs/adapter-static`]:

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npm install --save-dev @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="Yarn">

```shell
yarn install -D @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm install -D @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Then update the `adapter` import in the `svelte.config.js` file:

```javascript title=svelte.config.js
import adapter from '@sveltejs/adapter-static' // This was changed to adapter-static!
import preprocess from 'svelte-preprocess'

/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').Config} */
const config = {
  // Consult https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-preprocess
  // for more information about preprocessors
  preprocess: preprocess(),

  kit: {
    adapter: adapter(),
  },
}

export default config
```

Lastly we need to disable SSR and enable prerendering by adding a root `+layout.ts` file (or `+layout.js` if you are not using TypeScript) with these contents:

```typescript title=src/routes/+layout.ts
export const prerender = true
export const ssr = false
```

> Note that if you prefer a Single-Page Application (SPA) mode over SSG, you need to change the adapter configurations and `+layout.ts` according to the [adapter docs].

Author: ```suggestion
Note that static-adapter doesn't require you to disable ssr for the whole app but it makes it possible to use APIs which depend on the global `window` object, like Tauri's API, without [Client-side checks].

Furthermore, if you prefer a Single-Page Application (SPA) mode over SSG, you can change the adapter configurations and `+layout.ts` according to the [adapter docs].
```

<InstallTauriApi />

With the library installed, you can modify your `+page.svelte` file to call the Command:

```html title=src/routes/+page.svelte
<script>
  import { invoke } from '@tauri-apps/api'

  // now we can call our Command!
  // Right-click the application background and open the developer tools.
  // You will see "Hello, World!" printed in the console!
  invoke('greet', { name: 'World' })
    // `invoke` returns a Promise
    .then((response) => console.log(response))
</script>

<h1>Welcome to SvelteKit</h1>
<p>
  Visit <a href="https://kit.svelte.dev">kit.svelte.dev</a> to read the
  documentation
</p>
```

:::tip

If you want to know more about the communication between Rust and JavaScript, please read the Tauri [Inter-Process Communication][inter-process-communication] guide.

:::

[sveltekit]: https://kit.svelte.dev
[`@sveltejs/adapter-static`]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/adapter-static
[`create-tauri-app`]: https://github.com/tauri-apps/create-tauri-app
[webdriver documentation]: ../../testing/webdriver/introduction.md

> [adapter docs]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/adapter-static#spa-mode

Author: ```suggestion
[client-side checks]: https://kit.svelte.dev/faq#integrations-how-do-i-use-a-client-side-only-library-that-depends-on-document-or-window
[adapter docs]: https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/packages/adapter-static#spa-mode
```

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npm create svelte@latest
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="Yarn">

```shell
yarn create svelte
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm create svelte
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

1. _Project name_  
   This will be the name of your JavaScript project. Corresponds to the name of the folder this utility will create but has otherwise no effect on your app. You can use any name you want here.

2. _App template_  
   We will select `Skeleton project` for a barebones template. If you want to play around with a more complete SvelteKit example you can select `SvelteKit demo app`.

3. _Type checking_  
   Whether you want type checking via JSDoc or TypeScript in your project. For this guide, we assume you choose TypeScript.

4. _Code linting and formatting_  
   Whether you want to start your project with ESLint for code linting and Prettier for code formatting. There won't be other mentions about this in this guide, but we recommend enabling these 2 options.

5. _Browser testing_  

>    SvelteKit offers built-in Playwright support for browser testing. Since Tauri apis don't work in Playwright, we assume you disable this option. Check out our [WebDriver documentation] for alternatives using Selenium or WebdriverIO instead of Playwright.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SvelteKit offers built-in Playwright support for browser testing. Since Tauri APIs don't work in Playwright, we recommend not adding it. Check out our [WebDriver documentation] for alternatives using Selenium or WebdriverIO instead of Playwright.
```

## SvelteKit in SSG mode

> <!-- TODO: section intro -->

Author: Ah forgot about that todo... But i need help with that one anyway. Wasn't able to really formulate any good stuff :/

First we need to install [`@sveltejs/adapter-static`]:

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npm install --save-dev @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="Yarn">

```shell
yarn install -D @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm install -D @sveltejs/adapter-static@next
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Then update the `adapter` import in the `svelte.config.js` file:

> ```javascript title=svelte.config.js
> import adapter from '@sveltejs/adapter-static' // This was changed to adapter-static!
> import preprocess from 'svelte-preprocess'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript title=svelte.config.js
// highlight-next-line
import adapter from '@sveltejs/adapter-static' // This was changed from adapter-auto
import preprocess from 'svelte-preprocess'
```

Author: i have no idea why or how, but when i added the `!` i changed -auto to -static...

/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').Config} */
const config = {
  // Consult https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-preprocess
  // for more information about preprocessors
  preprocess: preprocess(),

  kit: {
    adapter: adapter(),
  },
}

export default config
```

Lastly we need to disable SSR and enable prerendering by adding a root `+layout.ts` file (or `+layout.js` if you are not using TypeScript) with these contents:

```typescript title=src/routes/+layout.ts
export const prerender = true
export const ssr = false
```

> Note that static-adapter doesn't require you to disable ssr for the whole app but it makes it possible to use APIs which depend on the global `window` object, like Tauri's API, without [Client-side checks].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that static-adapter doesn't require you to disable SSR for the whole app but it makes it possible to use APIs which depend on the global `window` object (like Tauri's API) without [Client-side checks].
```

  }}
  beforeBuildCommandExplination={{
    __html:
      'Use <code>npm run build</code> (be sure to adapt to use your package manager of choice).',
  }}
/>

Now that we have scaffolded our frontend and initialized the Rust project the created `tauri.conf.json` file should look like this:

```json title=src-tauri/tauri.conf.json
{
  "build": {
    // This command will execute when you run `tauri build`.
    "beforeBuildCommand": "npm run build",
    // This command will execute when you run `tauri dev`
    "beforeDevCommand": "npm run dev",
    "devPath": "http://localhost:5173",
    "distDir": "../build"
  },
```

And that's it! Now you can run the following command in your terminal to start a development build of your app:

<Command name="dev" />

![Application Window](./assets/sveltekit/sveltekit-dev.png)

## Invoke Commands

<Commands />

To call our newly created command we will use the [`@tauri-apps/api`] JavaScript library. It provides access to core functionality such as windows, the filesystem, and more through convenient JavaScript abstractions. You can install it using your favorite JavaScript package manager:

<InstallTauriApi />

> With the library installed, you can modify your `+page.svelte` file to call the Command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the library installed, you can modify your `+page.svelte` file to call the command:
```

Author: i copied that from some other guide i think so we may need to look through them too 😂

```html title=src/routes/+page.svelte
<script>
  import { invoke } from '@tauri-apps/api'

>   // now we can call our Command!
>   // Right-click the application background and open the developer tools.
>   // You will see "Hello, World!" printed in the console!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // now we can call our command
  // Right-click the application background and open the developer tools
  // You will see "Hello, World!" printed in the console
```

Author: same
